technology is rapidly changing our world
a world that faces great challenges in
the fields of energy environment and
healthcare scientists at ojos University
are working to find ways of applying new
technologies to help us address these
challenges who nurtures by jakub s'en is
one of them the main focus of my
research concerns smart energy and its
potential for a greener and more
sustainable society this experiment that
we call the green leaf we are studying
consumer behavior we are signalling with
the green flashing LED when there's low
carbon dioxide emission intensity in the
grid we are signalling with a red when
there's a high carbon dioxide emission
intensity liquid from this we are hoping
to see if the consumer is willing to
change behavior biotechnology is another
rapidly developing field that is
changing our lives
payda Christensen and his research group
work on therapeutic antibodies so what
we basically do is that we take the
soldiers of the body their antibodies
and we take them out of your body and
into the lab and in the lab we can
generate more and new soldiers to fight
disease in a better way the goals of our
research is to contribute to the area
called biopharmaceuticals
within this area clear pure antibody
greets the sale in 2013 of sixty three
point five billion dollars this is
around twenty percent of the Danish
gross national product
another area with a huge economic and
biomedical potential is 3d printing
this technology is essential to the
research of yen's being a new core who
works on 3d bioprinting it's enable us
to tailor MIT's biomaterials to either a
specific patient or a specific cell type
the goal of his research is develop new
therapies to cure tissue injuries based
on printing 3d implants with unique
mechanical properties that can stimulate
the growth of different cell types the
ultimate impact of this technology on
society would be in the extreme case at
which we have enabled us to build
complete organs using these principles
in this case the need for donor organs
would be eliminated for companies that
create new products in a world of
exponential technological growth
computer control and the development
virtual prototypes has become essential
this is the research area of peda
gormless on the combination of cyber
parts controlling a physical component
is growing tremendously and time to
market for the products being developed
in this field is so important to kind of
get right first time and for that reason
a virtual environment ism is it right
kind of solution to interact with
renewable sources of energy are a major
issue on the global political agenda
laws audison is using his expertise in
microbiology to create radical new
energy solutions based on the surplus
electricity from wind turbines the
developments in our energy systems and
our increased understanding of
microbiology has led us to a situation
where we can now take microbiology in
anaerobic digestion and combine it with
electricity production to operate biogas
into natural gas quality
you